edsc expects a set of lines, in the form of S-expressions (no quoted
strings).  It returns S-expressions with quoted strings.  This might
change if this is too burdensome.  If the first character of the line
is a ";", then this indicates an error message.  If the first
character of the line is a "-", this is a warning.  The next line will
be the response to the operation.

Request: (gmi mtg-name)

Returns information about the given meeting.  This is an
s-expression of the form:

  (location long-name chairman first last lowest highest date-created
   date-modified public access_modes highest-seen)

Request: (quit)

Quits out of edsc.

Request: (gti trn-num mtg-name)

Get transaction info:
Gets information about transaction trn-num in meeting mtg-name.  The
information is returned in the form:

  (current prev next pref nref fref lref chain-index date-entered
   num-lines num-chars subject author)

Request: (gt trn-num mtg-name)

get_transaction:  Gets a pretty version of the transaction.  This returns
the number of lines in the transaction:
  (num-lines)

followed by the actual transaction itself.

Request: (grt trn-num mtg-name)

Get raw transaction:  This returns the transaction in raw form, without
any formatting.  It returns the number of characters in the transaction:
  (num-chars)

followed by the transaction itself.

Request: (gml)

Get meeting list:  Returns a list of meetings that the user attends,
along with an indication whether it has changed or not.  It returns
this as a list.  Each item in this list is a list itself, with the first
element being a flag if the meeting has changed (0 or 1).  The rest of the
list are the various aliases of the meeting.  Here is a sample return list:

  ((1 "Cheery_thoughts" "ping") (0 "Central_america" "ca"))

Request: (gcm)

Get changed meetings: Performs the same thing as gml, except that it filters
only for changed meetings.

Request: (ss trn-num mtg-name)

Set seen:  Sets the highest seen transaction in mtg-name to be trn-num.

Request: (at reply-trn file-name mtg-name)

Add transaction:  Adds a transaction to the discuss meeting mtg-name.  If
reply-trn is non-zero, the new transaction is chained to that transaction.
file-name is the filename with the contents of the meeting.  The subject
is taken from the next line.  This request returns the resulting transaction
number, in an S-expression:

(new-trn-num)

Request: (nut trn-num mtg-name)

Next undeleted transaction:  Returns the number of the next undeleted
transaction following trn-num in the meeting, even if trn-num happens
to be deleted.  Returns it in an S-expression:

(next-trn-num)

Request: (grtn mtg-name)

Returns transaction info (as in gti above) corresponding to a random
transaction in the meeting.  Returns it in an S-expression:

  (current prev next pref nref fref lref chain-index date-entered
   num-lines num-chars subject author)
